Me, my husband and our 2 year old will be heading to Boston soon. We’re spending 3 days. 

The first day I was thinking taking the Freedom Trail, checking out Faneuil hall - Quincy Market, Brattle Books, Boston Public Library, then dinner in the North End Little Italy and to end the night cannolis at Bovas. 

The second day I want to see more popular Boston attractions but also want to shop. But I’d rather stay away from big name brands and shop second hand, antiques and things made by locals. 

For the second day I’m thinking I’d like to visit ICA and Newberry Street. Then dinner at Myer and Chang’s. But what else are some must see that I won’t already be seeing on the freedom trail? 

The last day we plan on going to MOS and or the children’s museum at the seaport to hopefully tire my toddler out so he sleeps on the drive home. 

Ok. Head on in to Faneuil Hall. Wander around for approximately 5 minutes. Congrats you have seen Faneuil hall. Take a pic or two and post them online. Go to the Dunks at 20 North St and grab an iced coffee. Next you want to see Beacon Hill. Wander up Cambridge St and then poke around Beacon Hill. Take some pics of yourselves. Congrats you have been to Beacon Hill. Reward yourself by going to the Dunks at 106 Cambridge St. get an iced coffee. Next head to the North End. Take a pic of yourself outside of Mike’s Pastry and grab a slice at Regina’s. Then wander to 180 canal st where you will find a dunks. Grab an iced coffee and look at the TD Garden which is across the street. Next go to 22 Beacon St. there is a Dunkin’s there. Grab an iced coffee and check out the state house and then wander through the Common towards the public garden. Take a detour to 147 Tremont St. There is a Dunks there. Grab an iced coffee. Go back into the common and head toward the public garden. Wander through the public garden and check out all the cool stuff there. Wander down Newbury St and then cut over to 715 Boylston St where you will find a Dunks. Get an iced coffee. Now head towards Kenmore Square! Make a stop at 153 Mass Ave and grab an iced coffee at Dunks. Then continue onward to Kenmore. Wander through the edge of the Fens then go past Fenway Park. Hit 530 Comm Ave and get an iced coffee at Dunks. Next you will want to see Harvard Square! 65 JFK St has a dunks. Get an iced coffee. After that, I suppose you can hit the Hong Kong and get smashed. [Here is a map of the journey](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1gWzVbAOxAHaSOqnF7Dg38jWheS5AVIU&ll=42.359830412017125%2C-71.08777995&z=14). Hope this helps.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/boston) if you have any questions or concerns.*
For efficiency, if you want to keep your schedule and the places you want to see, move Boston Public Library to the second day when you’re on Newbury St. 

Beacon Hill Books & Cafe has a really cute cafe and a cute book section for your toddler. My 2 year old loved it. Weekdays are better as it’s less busy for a table. 

Not sure how you’re traveling around the city, T is reliable enough, but the ICA and Newbury St/BPL are on opposite sides. You may just want to map out the locations to lump the areas together to avoid going back and forth. While Boston proper isn’t as huge as say NYC, it’s still a lot to have to across and back and across again esp with a toddler.

ETA: just saw your other comments. For your 2nd day you could start out at BH Books & Cafe, walk down to the Public Garden and do the swan boats. Kids always love seeing the ducks and the little duckling statues. You can then make your way to Newbury St. Lots of good lunch in the area, check out the BPL. Make your way over to ICA and then dinner at Myers+Chang.
Leave the library for second day. First day is ok otherwise. Second day Charles Street for the small shops, library, Newbury Street. High rents in central Boston; you might have to go out a ways for second hand stuff.
Your toddler would love the aquarium.
This time of year is perfect for a boat ride.
Skip Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market. Waste of time and you will be massively underwhelmed. Make sure you hit up the aquarium, carousel on the Greenway and Martin’s Park (next to the children’s museum) for your kid.
[deleted]
a couple people mentioned the swan boats in the Public Garden, I would add the Frog Pond (a wading poo/fountain) in the Common, there is also a little playground there.  For a much quieter playground in Beacon Hill, there is one at the top of Myrtle St.  
Also duck boat ride in the public garden.
I would add that you should buy the book “Make Way for Ducklings” which if you are not familiar is a classic!at BH Books and Cafe, they have a reading nook where you can read it to the child before walking over to see the duckling statues.  
>Skip Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market. Waste of time and you will be massively underwhelmed. 

On the contrary, ~~Skip~~ don't miss Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market. ~~Waste of time~~ Great fun for visitors ~~and you will be massively underwhelmed~~ and right next to the Greenway with its fountains, carousel, and gardens.
The second day I don’t have set plans. So I guess the second day
Swan boats.  Duck boats are the tourist trolleys.
You can see where the ducklings start their journey, on the little islands opposite the esplanade by the community boating boathouse, then where they cross embankment road where Officer Michael halts the traffic. Since 1941 there's a bigger road in the way, Storrow Drive, which the family would have slim chances crossing without Officer Michael's help! Possibly they would take one of the footbridges, as you must to cross over the drive.
What exactly is it that is worth experiencing there? It’s a bunch of shitty stores you can find anywhere and gross food.
Agree\^\^.   Skip the aquarium.   It is not worth the money.   Take the kid whale watching instead.
Thank you! Yes swan boats! Not duck boats!
He’s 2. I don’t think spending 4 hours stuck on a boat is an ideal activity.
Really?  My two-year-old had no issues.   We took her everywhere and she participated in a wide range of activities.   We did not use a stroller either.
